Community team meeting

gwynn, Heather, Richard, Kevin

 README with team lead responsibilities: https://github.com/forwards/knowledgebase/blob/master/README.md#what-am-i-signing-up-to-do
 
What is the point of this group? 
Representatives of minority groups to be a voice within Forwards/R project related activities? 
People to support outreach to particular groups? 
People to support/promote activities of affinity groups? 
People that can advise from their lived experience as members of minoritized groups? 

Other members
Damiano (Rainbow R) - may have access to RainbowR twitter
Joslynn (Native Americans in Science) - helpful with Native Americans 
Richard (Black/African representation)
Kevin  (various inc Julia and Python communities)

Currently coming out of COVID. Consolidate structures that worked over the COVID crisis. 

Virtual talks worked well during COVID. What is the next layer for support for Uganda or Kenya? Potential project for 2022. Production support for online talks. Record 5 minute talk, then have another 5 minute talk, and then combine them for 1 big talk.

Talks can be submitted to useR  as an abstract

Has worked in Venzuela which has poor internet access. Uploaded talk in bits and then played it for her talk. She was online to answer questions.

Live talks without stable internet doesn't work. Prerecord is the way forward for this community.

Looking at the mission of RForwards does it need updating after COVID. What specific issues do we want to address?
Are there indicators that we should be using to determine our effectiveness. 

#TwitterSpaces - a number of initiatives in Africa - discussions from random individuals that have been very successful. Online conference call moderated by specific individuals - only voice, no video, works on very limited speeds, works on cellphones. When the times come the moderator chooses who can speak. Panel; career stories - health, agriculture, banking, academia - where to find resources - create a network of people who inspire;  books;  what does the community want to discuss. Survey the country and city leads to see what challenges they are having. Google form survey - start one, get feedback on questions, Survey started, another copy in French and Portuguese. Send the survey to AfricaR leaders and Folajimi Aroloye.

AfricaR community - Kevin and Heather were mentoring the leadership and they have dropped off since the pandemic. LatinR and AsiaR are picking up some steam. How can we support the AfricaR community post-pandemic? Can we connect twitter spaces with AfricaR.

Folajimi Aroloye - Lagos R User Group -  has reached out for help

Shelmith - hoped that others would take over

Richard - survey sent out to the community about
- What has worked well in the past?
- Needs half-year plan

Another survey to the Carribean
And one to the middle east.

